Anna Turek43 Gesner Ave, Nyack, NY 10960 ? (845) 536Ð1554 ? anna.c.turek@gmail.com 	   PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY   	I've always been the type of person who would be hard on myself no matter the situation. I have always strived to do my best and for myself and others. I believe that obstacles in life are always temporary and it's possible to accomplish things that seem impossible with hard work and determination. In the future, I hope to have a career that connects me with people, grow as a person, and achieve my goal of making a difference in the community. I know I have lots to learn, however, I look forward to all the possibilities and learning experiences that I will endure. 	   SKILLS   	* Adaptability, Collaborative, Quick Learner, Creative, Problem Solving* Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, GitHub 	   WORK EXPERIENCE  	Teaching Assistant, May 2019 to Aug. 2019Small Steps Ð Nyack, NY* Directly assist students with disabilities throughout the day. Responsibilities include diaper changes, feeding, physical exercise, and teaching language and social skills. * Occasionally assisted student one-one with their speech, occupational and physical therapy.Summer Intern, June 2018 to Aug. 2018 Oden Technologies Ð Manhattan, NY* Contributor to the people operations team. Successfully made office schedules, ordered corporate lunches, researched staff training projects, and helped pack and unpack during the office relocation. * Improve hiring processes by selecting ideal candidates and scheduling interviews. Gymnastics Coach, Jan 2018 to Aug 2018 Galaxy Gymnastics Ð Orangeburg, NY* Coach of weekly gymnastics class for children ages 4-12. Teach gymnastics skills and techniques through instruction and demonstration at the local gym. * Taught beginner, intermediate, and shooting star level classes. All-around coach on floor, balance beam, bars, and vault. 	   EDUCATION   	Pursing a Bachelor of Arts: Psychology Pursing a Minor: Information Management and Technology Syracuse University - Syracuse, NY